
        Wow, first acid trip in 8 months. This dude I know from on the
Internet sent me two hits of Red Sun acid, and I took them both. It hit me
fast, in about a half hour, and it hit me hard. I played guitar and talked
on the Internet for about 2 hours.

        It was an interesting trip. It hit me a little around midnight of
the 20th. I took a hit of pot right at midnight to celebrate the first
minute of the first day of spring, and that kicked in the acid. Around
1:45 things were real intense so I decided to get off the computer and go
lay down in bed. The near-full moon was very bright and shining in my
window, with clouds swirling unnaturally fast around it. The bars of my
window frame were flickering around, and the still bare tree branches
outside were dancing wit their own life. It was very visual, and too
intense to look at for long, so I pulled down the shade and closed my
eyes, and went to that inner, chaotic, cut and paste universe of vivid
imagery that I hadn't been to in years. Cartoony voices seemed to be
saying nonsense words from every direction as I floated there in
hyperspace, saying things like 'Zlerty-zot meep awwww znew' or 'Sbpack
Sbpack.' After a while, the chaos organized somewhat, becoming a jumbled
collection of imagery and themes that seemed to come from Jewish culture.
Flash to images of a baby in a crip, this feels something like a memory.
This gives way to images of people I know now, only I see them as they
would have been as small children. Eventually things spiral down to more
coherent imagery, and I lay in bed thinking about life until around 4:30
when I managed to fall asleep.

        I haven't tripped like that in years.